feat(github_team_repository): allow for custom repository roles (#1038)
integrations/terraform-provider-github: website/docs/r/team_repository.html.markdown

* `team_id` - (Required) The GitHub team id or the GitHub team slug
* `repository` - (Required) The repository to add to the team.
* `permission` - (Optional) The permissions of team members regarding the repository.

>   Must be one of `pull`, `triage`, `push`, `maintain`, `admin` or the name an existing [custom repository role](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/organizations/managing-peoples-access-to-your-organization-with-roles/managing-custom-repository-roles-for-an-organization) within the organisation. Defaults to `push`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Must be one of `pull`, `triage`, `push`, `maintain`, `admin` or the name of an existing [custom repository role](kkkkk) within the organisation. Defaults to `push`.
```

Small typo?

>   Must be one of `pull`, `triage`, `push`, `maintain`, `admin` or the name of an existing [custom repository role](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/organizations/managing-peoples-access-to-your-organization-with-roles/managing-custom-repository-roles-for-an-organization) within the organisation. Defaults to `push`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Must be one of `pull`, `triage`, `push`, `maintain`, `admin` or the name of an existing [custom repository role](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/organizations/managing-peoples-access-to-your-organization-with-roles/managing-custom-repository-roles-for-an-organization) within the organisation. Defaults to `pull`.
```
